AND BARB McQUADE. NO BETTER DAY TO HAVE YOU HERE.
NO BETTER DAY TO HAVE YOU HERE. ON A TAKEAWAY, THE WAY PEOPLE
ON A TAKEAWAY, THE WAY PEOPLE FEEL ABOUT THIS DECISION, WAS
FEEL ABOUT THIS DECISION, WAS THE JUDGE WITHIN HIS RIGHTS?
THE JUDGE WITHIN HIS RIGHTS? >> YES, IS THE SHORT ANSWER.
>> YES, IS THE SHORT ANSWER. BUT I HAVE TO SAY I WAS STUNNED
BUT I HAVE TO SAY I WAS STUNNED BECAUSE GENERALLY SPEAKING
BECAUSE GENERALLY SPEAKING JUDGES DO STAY SOMEWHAT WITHIN
JUDGES DO STAY SOMEWHAT WITHIN THE GUIDELINES THAT ARE
THE GUIDELINES THAT ARE RECOMMENDED.
RECOMMENDED. THIS IS A MASSIVE DEPARTURE.
THIS IS A MASSIVE DEPARTURE. I MEAN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT
I MEAN YOU’RE TALKING ABOUT GETTING A FRACTION OF WHAT THE
GETTING A FRACTION OF WHAT THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES
SENTENCING GUIDELINES RECOMMENDED.
RECOMMENDED. NOW THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES
NOW THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES DON’T HAVE THE TEETH THEY USED.
DON’T HAVE THE TEETH THEY USED. TO WHEN I WAS A YOUNG LAWYER
TO WHEN I WAS A YOUNG LAWYER WHEN FOR THE 20 MINUTES I WAS A
WHEN FOR THE 20 MINUTES I WAS A LAWYER, THE JUDGES HATED THEM
LAWYER, THE JUDGES HATED THEM BECAUSE THEY TOOK AWAY THE
BECAUSE THEY TOOK AWAY THE DISCRETION AND THE REASON FOR
DISCRETION AND THE REASON FOR THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES WAS
THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES WAS THERE WAS DISPARITY BECAUSE
THERE WAS DISPARITY BECAUSE WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS WOULD GET
WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS WOULD GET OFF EASY AND OTHER PEOPLE
OFF EASY AND OTHER PEOPLE WOULDN’T AND THEY WERE TRYING TO
WOULDN’T AND THEY WERE TRYING TO BRING UNIFORMITY INTO SENTENCING
BRING UNIFORMITY INTO SENTENCING BECAUSE OF THE SUPREME COURT
BECAUSE OF THE SUPREME COURT DECISIONS THE GUIDELINES ARE
DECISIONS THE GUIDELINES ARE LARGELY DISCRETIONARY AND NOW
LARGELY DISCRETIONARY AND NOW YOU SEE A SITUATION LIKE THIS
YOU SEE A SITUATION LIKE THIS WHERE YOU LOOK AT WHAT THE JUDGE
WHERE YOU LOOK AT WHAT THE JUDGE HAD BEFORE HIM, YES, HE’S WITHIN
HAD BEFORE HIM, YES, HE’S WITHIN HIS RIGHTS AND ALLOWED TO USE
HIS RIGHTS AND ALLOWED TO USE HIS DISCRETION, BUT THIS IS A
HIS DISCRETION, BUT THIS IS A PASSIVE DEPARTURE FROM SOMEONE
PASSIVE DEPARTURE FROM SOMEONE WHO, A., DID NOT SHOW ANY
WHO, A., DID NOT SHOW ANY REMORSE, HE SHOWED A LOT OF
REMORSE, HE SHOWED A LOT OF SYMPATHY FOR HIMSELF IN THE
SYMPATHY FOR HIMSELF IN THE COURTROOM AND THE JUDGE NOTED
COURTROOM AND THE JUDGE NOTED THAT.
THAT. AND SOMEONE WHO THIS JUDGE KNOWS
AND SOMEONE WHO THIS JUDGE KNOWS BROKE A PLEA DEAL AND ANOTHER
BROKE A PLEA DEAL AND ANOTHER JUDGE FOUND HAD LIED IN THE --
JUDGE FOUND HAD LIED IN THE -- POST INDICTMENT, MOST
POST INDICTMENT, MOST POST-CONVICTION.
POST-CONVICTION. SO NO MATTER WHERE YOUR COMMIT
SO NO MATTER WHERE YOUR COMMIT DAL LEANINGS ARE OR HOW YOU FEEL
DAL LEANINGS ARE OR HOW YOU FEEL ABOUT THE EVIDENCE IN THE CASE,
ABOUT THE EVIDENCE IN THE CASE, WHEN THE JUDGE DECIDES THIS IS A
WHEN THE JUDGE DECIDES THIS IS A CASE WHERE I’M GOING TO DO A
CASE WHERE I’M GOING TO DO A MASSIVE DOWNWARD DEPARTURE FROM
MASSIVE DOWNWARD DEPARTURE FROM THE GUIDELINES, I HAVE TO SAY
THE GUIDELINES, I HAVE TO SAY I’M SCRATCHING MY HEAD AND I’M
I’M SCRATCHING MY HEAD AND I’M TRYING -- I WANT TO UNDERSTAND.
TRYING -- I WANT TO UNDERSTAND. I GET IT.
I GET IT. HE SAID AN OTHER WISE BLAMELESS
HE SAID AN OTHER WISE BLAMELESS LIFE AND YOU COULD TELL THIS
LIFE AND YOU COULD TELL THIS JUDGE IS NOT A FAN OF THE
JUDGE IS NOT A FAN OF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL BY SOME OF THE
SPECIAL COUNSEL BY SOME OF THE STATEMENTS THAT HE SAID.
STATEMENTS THAT HE SAID. HE FEELS LIKE THE SPECIAL
HE FEELS LIKE THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IS OVER HIS SKIS, FAR
COUNSEL IS OVER HIS SKIS, FAR OUTSIDE OF THE SCOPE.
OUTSIDE OF THE SCOPE. I THINK IT IS A STUNNER.
I THINK IT IS A STUNNER. NO MATTER HOW YOU SLICE IT.
NO MATTER HOW YOU SLICE IT. >> BARBARA, YOU CALLED THE
>> BARBARA, YOU CALLED THE SENTENCE ATROCIOUSLY LOW.
SENTENCE ATROCIOUSLY LOW. DOES IT REPORT POORLY ON THE
DOES IT REPORT POORLY ON THE ROBERT MUELLER TEAM GOING
ROBERT MUELLER TEAM GOING FORWARD AND THE INVESTIGATION
FORWARD AND THE INVESTIGATION AND WHAT THEY FACE?
AND WHAT THEY FACE? >> I DON’T THINK IT WILL DERAIL
>> I DON’T THINK IT WILL DERAIL THEM.
THEM. I DO WORRY THAT IT DOES SEND A
I DO WORRY THAT IT DOES SEND A MESSAGE TO OTHER WOULD-BE
MESSAGE TO OTHER WOULD-BE COOPERATORS THAT JUST STAY THE
COOPERATORS THAT JUST STAY THE COURSE AND GO TO TRIAL AND IF
COURSE AND GO TO TRIAL AND IF EVEN YOU ARE CONVICTED YOU WON’T
EVEN YOU ARE CONVICTED YOU WON’T GET A LOT OF PRISON TIME.
GET A LOT OF PRISON TIME. I DON’T THINK THAT IS A LIKELY
I DON’T THINK THAT IS A LIKELY SCENARIO FOR MOST DEFENDANTS BUT
SCENARIO FOR MOST DEFENDANTS BUT YOU CAN’T COUNTS ON EVERY JUDGE
YOU CAN’T COUNTS ON EVERY JUDGE TO BE AS LENIENT AS JUDGE ELLIS
TO BE AS LENIENT AS JUDGE ELLIS WAS HERE.
WAS HERE. JUDGE ELLIS IS EXACTLY THE KIND
JUDGE ELLIS IS EXACTLY THE KIND OF JUDGE FOR WHICH THE
OF JUDGE FOR WHICH THE SENTENCING GUIDELINES WERE
SENTENCING GUIDELINES WERE CREATED, TO PROTECT AGAINST
CREATED, TO PROTECT AGAINST THOSE KIND OF UNWARRANTED
THOSE KIND OF UNWARRANTED DISPARITIES AND OUTLIER CASES
DISPARITIES AND OUTLIER CASES BUT IT’S AN OUTLIER AND MOST
BUT IT’S AN OUTLIER AND MOST JUDGES ASSIGNED A CASE ARE MARFA
JUDGES ASSIGNED A CASE ARE MARFA MORE LIKELY TO COMPLY WITH THE
MORE LIKELY TO COMPLY WITH THE GUIDELINES AND I’M HOPING IT
GUIDELINES AND I’M HOPING IT WON’T DERAIL ANYONE INTERESTED
WON’T DERAIL ANYONE INTERESTED IN COOPERATING.
IN COOPERATING. AND THEN OF COURSE THERE IS ALSO
AND THEN OF COURSE THERE IS ALSO THE BACKSTOP OF THE SENTENCE
THE BACKSTOP OF THE SENTENCE FROM JUDGE JACKSON NEXT WEEK IN
FROM JUDGE JACKSON NEXT WEEK IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
WASHINGTON, D.C. SHE CAN SENTENCE PAUL MANAFORT
SHE CAN SENTENCE PAUL MANAFORT TO UP TO AN ADDITIONAL TEN YEARS
TO UP TO AN ADDITIONAL TEN YEARS CONSECUTIVE TO THESE FOUR YEARS.
CONSECUTIVE TO THESE FOUR YEARS. SO HE COULD STILL BE LOOKING AT
SO HE COULD STILL BE LOOKING AT 14 YEARS.
14 YEARS. AND ALSO WITH REGARD TO THE IDEA
AND ALSO WITH REGARD TO THE IDEA THAT THE STATEMENT THAT
THAT THE STATEMENT THAT MANAFORT’S LAWYER SAID WITH
MANAFORT’S LAWYER SAID WITH THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF
THERE IS NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION WITH GOVERNMENT
COLLUSION WITH GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS FROM RUSSIA.
OFFICIALS FROM RUSSIA. IT IS A VERY SPECIFIC THING TO
IT IS A VERY SPECIFIC THING TO STATE.
STATE. AND IT DOESN’T THAT THERE IS NOT
AND IT DOESN’T THAT THERE IS NOT COLLUSION WITH OTHER INDIVIDUALS
COLLUSION WITH OTHER INDIVIDUALS WHO ARE NOT GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS
WHO ARE NOT GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS FROM RUSSIA.
FROM RUSSIA. SUCH AS CONSTANTINE KILIMNIK WHO
SUCH AS CONSTANTINE KILIMNIK WHO WAS ACCUSED OF BEING AN
WAS ACCUSED OF BEING AN INTELLIGENCE OFFICER FROM
INTELLIGENCE OFFICER FROM RUSSIA.
RUSSIA. SO I THINK THERE ARE MORE
SO I THINK THERE ARE MORE REDACTION FROM THE DOCUMENTS
REDACTION FROM THE DOCUMENTS SUGGEST ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS
SUGGEST ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS TEAM CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE
TEAM CONTINUE TO INVESTIGATE RUSSIA AND THE CIGAR BAR MEETING
RUSSIA AND THE CIGAR BAR MEETING ARE STILL OUT THERE AND SO I
ARE STILL OUT THERE AND SO I DON’T THINK WE’VE REACHED THE
DON’T THINK WE’VE REACHED THE END OF THE ROAD WITH REGARDS TO
END OF THE ROAD WITH REGARDS TO CONSPIRACY WITH RUSSIA.
CONSPIRACY WITH RUSSIA. >> COULD BE OLEG DERIPASKA WHO
>> COULD BE OLEG DERIPASKA WHO PAUL MANAFORT WAS IN THE HOLE TO
PAUL MANAFORT WAS IN THE HOLE TO TO THE TUNE OF $19 MILLION WHEN
TO THE TUNE OF $19 MILLION WHEN HE JOINED THE CAMPAIGN AND
HE JOINED THE CAMPAIGN AND OLEG’S BUSINESS WAS STRANGLED
OLEG’S BUSINESS WAS STRANGLED DUE TO RUSSIAN SANCTIONS.
DUE TO RUSSIAN SANCTIONS. MIDWIN, THEY LOOKED AT AVERAGE
MIDWIN, THEY LOOKED AT AVERAGE PRISON TERM IN THE VIRGINIA
PRISON TERM IN THE VIRGINIA EASTERN DISTRICT SO THE AVERAGE
EASTERN DISTRICT SO THE AVERAGE SENTENCE FOR FRAUD, 3 YEARS.
SENTENCE FOR FRAUD, 3 YEARS. GUN-RELATED CHARGES 5 1/2 YEAR
GUN-RELATED CHARGES 5 1/2 YEAR AND DRUG TRAFFICKING SEVEN
AND DRUG TRAFFICKING SEVEN YEARS.
YEARS. IS THE ISSUE THAT MANAFORT GOT
IS THE ISSUE THAT MANAFORT GOT AN USUALLY LOW SENTENCE BECAUSE
AN USUALLY LOW SENTENCE BECAUSE IT IS MANAFORT OR THAT
IT IS MANAFORT OR THAT WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS GET
WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS GET HOOKED UP.
HOOKED UP. >> WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS GET
>> WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS GET HOOKED UP.
HOOKED UP. AND THIS IS IMPORTANT FOR
AND THIS IS IMPORTANT FOR AMERICA TO SEE.
AMERICA TO SEE. I’VE BEEN SEEING SINCE THE
I’VE BEEN SEEING SINCE THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION THIS IS
MUELLER INVESTIGATION THIS IS SHINING A SPOTLIGHT ON HOW THE
SHINING A SPOTLIGHT ON HOW THE JUSTICE SYSTEM TREATS SOME
JUSTICE SYSTEM TREATS SOME PEOPLE AND OTHERS.
PEOPLE AND OTHERS. AND DEFENSE ATTORNEYS SUCH AS
AND DEFENSE ATTORNEYS SUCH AS MYSELF HAVE ALWAYS SAID THE
MYSELF HAVE ALWAYS SAID THE JUSTICE SYSTEM IN MANY WAYS IS
JUSTICE SYSTEM IN MANY WAYS IS UNJUST TO CERTAIN PEOPLE.
UNJUST TO CERTAIN PEOPLE. WHO YOU LOOK AT KHALIF PROUDER,
WHO YOU LOOK AT KHALIF PROUDER, A YOUNG BLACK MAN WHO SPEND
A YOUNG BLACK MAN WHO SPEND YEARS IN JAIL FOR AN ALLEGED
YEARS IN JAIL FOR AN ALLEGED STEALING OF A BACKPACK AND NEVER
STEALING OF A BACKPACK AND NEVER CONVICTED WHEN YOU LOOK AT
CONVICTED WHEN YOU LOOK AT CRYSTAL MASON IN TEXAS, WHO IS
CRYSTAL MASON IN TEXAS, WHO IS SENTENCED TO FIVE YEARS IN JAIL
SENTENCED TO FIVE YEARS IN JAIL FOR VOTING WHILE ON PROBATION.
FOR VOTING WHILE ON PROBATION. AND WHEN YOU LOOK AT WESLEY
AND WHEN YOU LOOK AT WESLEY SNIPES, ALSO A WEALTHY MAN AND
SNIPES, ALSO A WEALTHY MAN AND ALSO AN ACTOR BUT ALSO BLACK,
ALSO AN ACTOR BUT ALSO BLACK, WAS SENTENCED TO THREE YEARS IN
WAS SENTENCED TO THREE YEARS IN JAIL FOR THREE MERCHANDISES FOR
JAIL FOR THREE MERCHANDISES FOR FAILING TO FILE A TAX RETURN.
FAILING TO FILE A TAX RETURN. SO THIS DISPARITY IS SOMETHING
SO THIS DISPARITY IS SOMETHING THAT WE’VE BEEN SEEING FOR A
THAT WE’VE BEEN SEEING FOR A LONG TIME IN THE CRIMINAL
LONG TIME IN THE CRIMINAL JUSTICE SYSTEM.
JUSTICE SYSTEM. AND IT IS NOT SURPRISING, BUT IT
AND IT IS NOT SURPRISING, BUT IT IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE WHEN YOU
IS UNFORTUNATE BECAUSE WHEN YOU LOOK AT THE NUMBER OF CRIMES
LOOK AT THE NUMBER OF CRIMES THAT MANAFORT HAS COMMITTED AND
THAT MANAFORT HAS COMMITTED AND YOU WENT THROUGH A LENGTHY
YOU WENT THROUGH A LENGTHY EXPLANATION OF JUST HOW FLAGRANT
EXPLANATION OF JUST HOW FLAGRANT AND REPEATED --
AND REPEATED -- >> FOR YEARS.
>> FOR YEARS. >> FOR YEARS.
>> FOR YEARS. AND THE IDEA THAT SOMEONE LIKE
AND THE IDEA THAT SOMEONE LIKE THIS WOULD GET SUCH A DOWNWARD
THIS WOULD GET SUCH A DOWNWARD DEPARTURE IS REALLY UNJUST.
DEPARTURE IS REALLY UNJUST. >> YAMICHE, RUDY GIULIANI KEEPS
>> YAMICHE, RUDY GIULIANI KEEPS ATTACKING PROSECUTORS AND
ATTACKING PROSECUTORS AND DESPITE THE BEST POSSIBLE OUT
DESPITE THE BEST POSSIBLE OUT COM.
COM. WHAT IS THE RUDY GIULIANI PLAN.
WHAT IS THE RUDY GIULIANI PLAN. >> IT IS TO VILIFY THE SPECIAL
>> IT IS TO VILIFY THE SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATION AND TO
COUNSEL INVESTIGATION AND TO ARGUE IN A THE PRESIDENT IS
ARGUE IN A THE PRESIDENT IS SOMEONE WHO IS BLAMELESS AND
SOMEONE WHO IS BLAMELESS AND EVERYBODY AROUND HIM ARE BEING
EVERYBODY AROUND HIM ARE BEING PICKED ON BECAUSE IT COMES DOWN
PICKED ON BECAUSE IT COMES DOWN TO PEOPLE ARE MAD THAT PRESIDENT
TO PEOPLE ARE MAD THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP GOT ELECTED.
TRUMP GOT ELECTED. I’VE BEEN TEXTING WITH RUDY
I’VE BEEN TEXTING WITH RUDY GIULIANI THIS MORNING AND HE
GIULIANI THIS MORNING AND HE WROTE TO ME JUST THIS MORNING,
WROTE TO ME JUST THIS MORNING, THE SENTENCE WAS A LOT LESS THAN
THE SENTENCE WAS A LOT LESS THAN THE ANGRY DEMOCRATS WANTED.
THE ANGRY DEMOCRATS WANTED. THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED THEIR
THEY SHOULD BE ASHAMED THEIR HORRENDOUS TREATMENT OF PAUL
HORRENDOUS TREATMENT OF PAUL MANAFORT WHO SHE PRESSURED
MANAFORT WHO SHE PRESSURED RELENTLESSLY BECAUSE UNLIKE
RELENTLESSLY BECAUSE UNLIKE MICHAEL COHEN HE WOULDN’T LIE
MICHAEL COHEN HE WOULDN’T LIE FOR THEM.
FOR THEM. THIS IS RUDY GIULIANI SAYING
THIS IS RUDY GIULIANI SAYING THAT THE PROSECUTORS WERE
THAT THE PROSECUTORS WERE LOOKING FOR A SPECIFIC SENTENCE.
LOOKING FOR A SPECIFIC SENTENCE. WE KNOW THEY WEREN’T BUT AS
WE KNOW THEY WEREN’T BUT AS SAVANNAH LAID OUT, ONE-FIFTH OF
SAVANNAH LAID OUT, ONE-FIFTH OF THE LOWEST SENTENCE AND THAT
THE LOWEST SENTENCE AND THAT MEANS PROSECUTORS WOULD BE ANGRY
MEANS PROSECUTORS WOULD BE ANGRY AND YOU DESCRIBED IN THE
AND YOU DESCRIBED IN THE COURTROOM THEY LOOKED GAUNT AND
COURTROOM THEY LOOKED GAUNT AND ANGRY ONCE THE SENTENCE WAS
ANGRY ONCE THE SENTENCE WAS READ.
READ. WE HAVE THIS TRUMP MACHINE GOING
WE HAVE THIS TRUMP MACHINE GOING AND GETTING AROUND PAUL MANAFORT
AND GETTING AROUND PAUL MANAFORT SAYING HE’S A GOOD GUY AND THAT
SAYING HE’S A GOOD GUY AND THAT IS BEING PICKED ON BECAUSE OF
IS BEING PICKED ON BECAUSE OF HIS RELATIONSHIP WITH TRUMP.
HIS RELATIONSHIP WITH TRUMP. AND IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT
AND IT IS IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT PAUL MANAFORT MIGHT NOT HAVE
PAUL MANAFORT MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN IN THE TROUBLE HAD HE NEVER
BEEN IN THE TROUBLE HAD HE NEVER GOTTEN INVOLVED IN THE TRUMP
GOTTEN INVOLVED IN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN, THAT IS VERY TRUE IF
CAMPAIGN, THAT IS VERY TRUE IF THAT HE WAS JUST ONE OF THE
THAT HE WAS JUST ONE OF THE OTHER PEOPLE IN D.C. THAT MIGHT
OTHER PEOPLE IN D.C. THAT MIGHT BE DOING THE SAME THING HE MIGHT
BE DOING THE SAME THING HE MIGHT HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET AWAY WITH
HAVE BEEN ABLE TO GET AWAY WITH THIS FOR ANOTHER 20 YEARS.
THIS FOR ANOTHER 20 YEARS. >> THE WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS WE
>> THE WHITE-COLLAR CRIMINALS WE DON’T GO AFTER THEM.
DON’T GO AFTER THEM. SAVANNAH, AT THE BEGINNING OF
SAVANNAH, AT THE BEGINNING OF THE HEARING THE JUDGE SAID THIS
THE HEARING THE JUDGE SAID THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIAN
HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH RUSSIAN COLLUSION AND THEN AFTERWARD
COLLUSION AND THEN AFTERWARD PAUL MANAFORT’S LAWYER SAID THE
PAUL MANAFORT’S LAWYER SAID THE SAME THING.
SAME THING. TAKE A LISTEN.
TAKE A LISTEN. >> MR. MANAFORT FINALLY GOT TO
>> MR. MANAFORT FINALLY GOT TO SPEAK FOR HIMSELF.
SPEAK FOR HIMSELF. HE MADE CLEAR HE ACCEPTS
HE MADE CLEAR HE ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIS CONDUCT.
RESPONSIBILITY FOR HIS CONDUCT. AND I THINK MOST IMPORTANTLY
AND I THINK MOST IMPORTANTLY WHAT YOU SAW TODAY IS THE SAME
WHAT YOU SAW TODAY IS THE SAME THING THAT WE HAD SAID FROM DAY
THING THAT WE HAD SAID FROM DAY ONE.
ONE. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE
THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO EVIDENCE THAT PAUL MANAFORT WAS INVOLVED
THAT PAUL MANAFORT WAS INVOLVED WITH ANY COLLUSION WITH ANY
WITH ANY COLLUSION WITH ANY GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL FROM RUSSIA.
GOVERNMENT OFFICIAL FROM RUSSIA. >> WE GOT YOU.
>> WE GOT YOU. HE WASN’T ON TRIAL FOR THAT.
HE WASN’T ON TRIAL FOR THAT. WHY DO THEY KEEP GOING BACK TO
WHY DO THEY KEEP GOING BACK TO THIS.
THIS. >> I’LL GIVE YOU TWO
>> I’LL GIVE YOU TWO INTERPRETATIONS AND YOU DECIDE
INTERPRETATIONS AND YOU DECIDE WHICH ONE YOU LIKE.
WHICH ONE YOU LIKE. MAYBE THE LAWYER AND JUDGE WHO
MAYBE THE LAWYER AND JUDGE WHO MADE THE SAME KIND OF REMARK,
MADE THE SAME KIND OF REMARK, COLLUSION WAS NOT AT ISSUE,
COLLUSION WAS NOT AT ISSUE, MAYBE THEY’RE TRYING TO SAY,
MAYBE THEY’RE TRYING TO SAY, LOOK, ROBERT MUELLER, AND THESE
LOOK, ROBERT MUELLER, AND THESE CASES AGAINST PAUL MANAFORT,
CASES AGAINST PAUL MANAFORT, THEY ARE SO FAR OUTSIDE OF THE
THEY ARE SO FAR OUTSIDE OF THE SCOPE OF WHAT MUELLER’S INITIAL
SCOPE OF WHAT MUELLER’S INITIAL COMMISSION WAS TO SEARCH FOR
COMMISSION WAS TO SEARCH FOR COLLUSION WHICH IS THE CATCH-ALL
COLLUSION WHICH IS THE CATCH-ALL TERM WE USE NOW BUT AS WE KNOW
TERM WE USE NOW BUT AS WE KNOW IT IS ACTUALLY CONSPIRACY.
IT IS ACTUALLY CONSPIRACY. SO MAYBE THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE
SO MAYBE THAT IS WHAT THEY ARE SAYING.
SAYING. THAT IS A GENEROUS
THAT IS A GENEROUS INTERPRETATION.
INTERPRETATION. MAYBE THAT LAWYER IS OUT THERE
MAYBE THAT LAWYER IS OUT THERE ON THE COURTHOUSE STEPS
ON THE COURTHOUSE STEPS AUDITIONING FOR A PARDON FROM
AUDITIONING FOR A PARDON FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO WHEN HE
PRESIDENT TRUMP WHO WHEN HE HEARS NO COLLUSION IT MUST BE
HEARS NO COLLUSION IT MUST BE LIKE THE TINGLING OF A LITTLE
LIKE THE TINGLING OF A LITTLE BELL AND HE LOVES TO SAY IT AND
BELL AND HE LOVES TO SAY IT AND RUDY AND EVERYBODY IS SAYING IT
RUDY AND EVERYBODY IS SAYING IT ALL OF THE TIME SO THERE IS TWO
ALL OF THE TIME SO THERE IS TWO DIFFERENT WAYS TO LOOK AT IT.
DIFFERENT WAYS TO LOOK AT IT. BUT, YES, SO FAR, ROBERT MUELLER
BUT, YES, SO FAR, ROBERT MUELLER HASN’T BROUGHT A CASE THAT HAS
HASN’T BROUGHT A CASE THAT HAS TO DO WITH CONSPIRACY, THAT GOES
TO DO WITH CONSPIRACY, THAT GOES TO THE HEART OF WHAT HE -- HE
TO THE HEART OF WHAT HE -- HE WAS COMMISSIONED TO DO WHEN
WAS COMMISSIONED TO DO WHEN ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL COUNSEL.
ASSIGNED TO SPECIAL COUNSEL. ON THE OTHER HAND, IF THE
ON THE OTHER HAND, IF THE SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE COURSE OF
SPECIAL COUNSEL IN THE COURSE OF INVESTIGATING THAT VERY
INVESTIGATING THAT VERY COLLUSION RUNS ACROSS CRIMES, HE
COLLUSION RUNS ACROSS CRIMES, HE ISN’T SUPPOSED TO GIVE A PASS TO
ISN’T SUPPOSED TO GIVE A PASS TO THEM.
THEM. HE’S SUPPOSED TO PROSECUTE THEM.
HE’S SUPPOSED TO PROSECUTE THEM. OR FARM THEM OUT TO OTHER
OR FARM THEM OUT TO OTHER JURISDICTIONS OR HOLD THEM FOR
JURISDICTIONS OR HOLD THEM FOR HIMSELF AND TAKE THEM TO
HIMSELF AND TAKE THEM TO PROSECUTION OR TO TRIAL.
PROSECUTION OR TO TRIAL. SO THAT IS WHAT HE’S SUPPOSED TO
SO THAT IS WHAT HE’S SUPPOSED TO DO.
DO. HE’S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE
HE’S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE LIKE THAT IS NOT ON MY LIST OF TO-DO
THAT IS NOT ON MY LIST OF TO-DO SO WE’LL LET THAT SLIDE AND I
SO WE’LL LET THAT SLIDE AND I LIKE TO GO BACK TO YOUR BUSINESS
LIKE TO GO BACK TO YOUR BUSINESS BACKGROUND, THAT IS HOW THEY RAN
BACKGROUND, THAT IS HOW THEY RAN INTO THE MARTHA STEWART CASE.
INTO THE MARTHA STEWART CASE. THEY WERE INVESTIGATING
THEY WERE INVESTIGATING SOMETHING ELSE AND RAN ACROSS
SOMETHING ELSE AND RAN ACROSS HER SITUATION.
HER SITUATION. >> I HAD A SOURCE -- A LEGAL
>> I HAD A SOURCE -- A LEGAL SOURCE AS SOON AS THE SPECIAL
SOURCE AS SOON AS THE SPECIAL COUNSEL WAS ANNOUNCED SAID THE
COUNSEL WAS ANNOUNCED SAID THE THING -- THE REASON WHY PEOPLE
THING -- THE REASON WHY PEOPLE HATE SPECIAL COUNSEL
HATE SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATIONS IS BECAUSE THEY
INVESTIGATIONS IS BECAUSE THEY COULD GO THROUGH ALL DIFFERENT
COULD GO THROUGH ALL DIFFERENT OTHER SORTS OF AVENUES, EVEN IF
OTHER SORTS OF AVENUES, EVEN IF IT IS NOT THE ORIGINAL INTENT
IT IS NOT THE ORIGINAL INTENT AND WHEN IT COMES TO SOMEONE
AND WHEN IT COMES TO SOMEONE LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE
LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE PEOPLE AROUND HIM, MONEY IS A
PEOPLE AROUND HIM, MONEY IS A KEY THING THAT GETS THESE PEOPLE
KEY THING THAT GETS THESE PEOPLE IN TROUBLE.
IN TROUBLE. THAT IS A YEAR AND A HALF AGO
THAT IS A YEAR AND A HALF AGO AND THAT SOURCE HAS BEEN
AND THAT SOURCE HAS BEEN COMPLETELY DEAD ON BECAUSE THAT
COMPLETELY DEAD ON BECAUSE THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT IS HAPPENING.
IS EXACTLY WHAT IS HAPPENING. >> I ASKED BILL CLINTON HOW HE
>> I ASKED BILL CLINTON HOW HE FELT ABOUT SPECIAL COUNSEL
FELT ABOUT SPECIAL COUNSEL INVESTIGATORS AND ONCE THEY
INVESTIGATORS AND ONCE THEY START, WHO KNOWS WHAT WILL TURN
START, WHO KNOWS WHAT WILL TURN UP WHEN THEY START DIGGING INTO
UP WHEN THEY START DIGGING INTO THINGS.
THINGS. >> WHAT IS GLARING HERE ALSO IS
>> WHAT IS GLARING HERE ALSO IS THAT MANAFORT HAS COMMITTED
THAT MANAFORT HAS COMMITTED CRIMES OVER DECADES.
CRIMES OVER DECADES. WHAT WAS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
WHAT WAS THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK DOING ALL OF THIS
OF NEW YORK DOING ALL OF THIS TIME AND THE PROSECUTORS DOING
TIME AND THE PROSECUTORS DOING ALL OF THIS TIME.
ALL OF THIS TIME. ONE OF THE TAKEAWAYS FROM THE
ONE OF THE TAKEAWAYS FROM THE STATEMENT THAT ATTORNEY MADE
STATEMENT THAT ATTORNEY MADE FROM THE STEPS OUTSIDE OF THE
FROM THE STEPS OUTSIDE OF THE COURTHOUSE --
COURTHOUSE -- >> RICH PEOPLE DON’T HAVE TO
>> RICH PEOPLE DON’T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT THE LAW.
WORRY ABOUT THE LAW. >> EXACTLY.
>> EXACTLY. LEAVE US ALONE, BUDDY.
LEAVE US ALONE, BUDDY. THIS IS -- THIS IS PAR FOR THE
THIS IS -- THIS IS PAR FOR THE COURSE.
COURSE. THIS IS WHAT WE DO.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO. AND THE IDEA THAT MUELLER WAS
AND THE IDEA THAT MUELLER WAS BUSY POKING AROUND, HE DIDN’T
BUSY POKING AROUND, HE DIDN’T FIND WHAT HE WAS SPECIFICALLY
FIND WHAT HE WAS SPECIFICALLY TASKED WITH LOOKING AT WHICH IS
TASKED WITH LOOKING AT WHICH IS RUSSIA COLLUSION BUT ALL OF THIS
RUSSIA COLLUSION BUT ALL OF THIS OTHER STUFF, LISTEN, BOYS WILL
OTHER STUFF, LISTEN, BOYS WILL BE BOYS.
BE BOYS. THIS IS WHAT WE DO.
THIS IS WHAT WE DO. >> WHAT DID YOU THINK ABOUT THE
>> WHAT DID YOU THINK ABOUT THE JUDGE SAYING HE LIVED AN
JUDGE SAYING HE LIVED AN OTHERWISE BLAMELESS LIFE WHEN
OTHERWISE BLAMELESS LIFE WHEN YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT CHARGES
YOU ARE TALKING ABOUT CHARGES THAT GO BACK A DECADE.
THAT GO BACK A DECADE. >> MARTHA STEWET LED AN
>> MARTHA STEWET LED AN OTHERWISE BLAMELESS LIFE AND
OTHERWISE BLAMELESS LIFE AND PAUL MANAFORT DIDN’T.
PAUL MANAFORT DIDN’T. >> I FOUND ASTONISHING WHAT THE
>> I FOUND ASTONISHING WHAT THE JUDGE WAS SAYING IS HE HAD --
JUDGE WAS SAYING IS HE HAD -- MANAFORT HAD NEVER BEEN CAUGHT.
MANAFORT HAD NEVER BEEN CAUGHT. IN OTHER WORDS, HE HAD DONE ALL
IN OTHER WORDS, HE HAD DONE ALL OF THESE THINGS BUT NEVER CAUGHT
OF THESE THINGS BUT NEVER CAUGHT AND SO THEREFORE WE LIVED AN
AND SO THEREFORE WE LIVED AN OTHER WISE BLAMELESS LIFE WHICH
OTHER WISE BLAMELESS LIFE WHICH IS INTERESTING TO LOOK AT IT.
IS INTERESTING TO LOOK AT IT. >> WHICH GOES BACK TO THE
>> WHICH GOES BACK TO THE DISPARITIES IN THE COURTHOUSE
DISPARITIES IN THE COURTHOUSE THEY SAY EVEN THE IDEA OF HOW
THEY SAY EVEN THE IDEA OF HOW RACE AND GENDER AND CLASS PLAY
RACE AND GENDER AND CLASS PLAY INTO THE COURT SYSTEM, WHEN YOU
INTO THE COURT SYSTEM, WHEN YOU WALK INTO THAT COURTROOM, DOES A
WALK INTO THAT COURTROOM, DOES A JUDGE LOOK AT YOU AND SAY WELL
JUDGE LOOK AT YOU AND SAY WELL THIS YOUNG MAN WHO GOT CAUGHT
THIS YOUNG MAN WHO GOT CAUGHT STEALING $100 WORTH OF QUARTERS
STEALING $100 WORTH OF QUARTERS AT THE LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT OR THE
AT THE LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT OR THE LAUNDRY MAT, DO THEY LIVE A
LAUNDRY MAT, DO THEY LIVE A BLAMELESS LIFE OR DO I SAY HE’S
BLAMELESS LIFE OR DO I SAY HE’S PART OF A PROBLEM AND I’VE SEEN
PART OF A PROBLEM AND I’VE SEEN OTHER PEOPLE THAT LOOK LIKE HIM
OTHER PEOPLE THAT LOOK LIKE HIM OR HE DESERVES TO HAVE 72 MONTHS
OR HE DESERVES TO HAVE 72 MONTHS WHICH IS WHAT A LAWYER TWEETED
WHICH IS WHAT A LAWYER TWEETED JUST YESTERDAY.
JUST YESTERDAY. >> AND CAN WE THROW ONE FACT ON
>> AND CAN WE THROW ONE FACT ON TO THE TABLE BECAUSE YOU JUST
TO THE TABLE BECAUSE YOU JUST SHOWED THE STATISTICS IN THE
SHOWED THE STATISTICS IN THE EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA
EASTERN DISTRICT OF VIRGINIA WHAT THE -- THE DIFFERENT KINDS
WHAT THE -- THE DIFFERENT KINDS OF CASES AND WHAT THEY GET.
OF CASES AND WHAT THEY GET. IT DID SHOW A FRAUD CASE, THE
IT DID SHOW A FRAUD CASE, THE AVERAGE IS THREE YEARS.
AVERAGE IS THREE YEARS. MANAFORT GETS FOUR.
MANAFORT GETS FOUR. ONE OF THE JUDGE’S RATIONAL WAS
ONE OF THE JUDGE’S RATIONAL WAS THESE KIND OF CASES, THE
THESE KIND OF CASES, THE SENTENCE HE GAVE TO MANAFORT WAS
SENTENCE HE GAVE TO MANAFORT WAS IN LINE WITH WHAT THOSE KINDS OF
IN LINE WITH WHAT THOSE KINDS OF CASES IN HIS JURISDICTION GET,SO